README.md, before:

# EE Unit Tests

EE Unit Tests is an Add-on for ExpressionEngine that allows developers to execute unit tests from the Command Line. EE Unit Tests uses PHPUnit 9 out of the box though, in theory, you should be able to use whatever version you want.

## Requirements

1. ExpressionEngine >= 6.1
2. PHP 7.3 

## Installation
To get EE Unit Tests working simply:

1. Install this Git repo
2. Run `composer install` within the `unit_tests` directory (where the `composer.json` file is located. 
3. Write your tests


## How It Works

EE Unit Tests is middleware between ExpressionEngine and your unit tests that you execute through ExpressionEngine's Command Line tool (introduced in 6.1). 

### Example Command

This will execute the Tests within the `unit_tests` add-on. 

`php ./system/eecli.php tests:run -a your_addon_name`

The below will display the available tests on the system

`php ./system/eecli.php tests:list`

### WHY THE HELL WOULD YOU BUILD IT THIS WAY?!?!

So, previously, to run unit tests on ExpressionEngine code was cumbersome (at best). We're talking bootstraps, code runners, database instantiation, raw CodeIgniter, the list goes on. And this was PER PROJECT. 

#### It pretty much sucked. 

But, with release of 6.1, we got Command Line tools! Which handles all the rigamarole of setting all the bootstrap and environment up. So, yeah, just a silly little pass through thing here is all that's needed.

## Creating Unit Tests for Add-ons

PHPUnit unit tests will be automatically detected within any `tests` directories stored in your add-on's root directory. For example, `unit_tests/tests` would be automatically picked up. 

You can also configure a specific directory, relative to your add-on directory, within your `addon.setup.php` file, using the `tests` key. 

## Limitations

The biggest problem is that there isn't any [Command Line Options](https://phpunit.readthedocs.io/en/9.5/textui.html#command-line-options) Support for configuration. Too much. Not worth it. Instead, be sure to use a `phpunit.xml` configuration file stored within your Tests root directory.

Commit message:

adds example for the path param

README.md, after:

# EE Unit Tests

EE Unit Tests is an Add-on for ExpressionEngine that allows developers to execute unit tests from the Command Line. EE Unit Tests uses PHPUnit 9 out of the box though, in theory, you should be able to use whatever version you want.

## Requirements

1. ExpressionEngine >= 6.1
2. PHP 7.3 

## Installation
To get EE Unit Tests working simply:

1. Install this Git repo
2. Run `composer install` within the `unit_tests` directory (where the `composer.json` file is located. 
3. Write your tests


## How It Works

EE Unit Tests is middleware between ExpressionEngine and your unit tests that you execute through ExpressionEngine's Command Line tool (introduced in 6.1). 

### Example Command

This will execute the Tests within the `unit_tests` add-on. 

`php ./system/eecli.php tests:run -a your_addon_name`

This will execute the Tests within the `unit_tests` add-on. 

`php ./system/eecli.php tests:run -p /full/path/to/tests

The below will display the available tests on the system

`php ./system/eecli.php tests:list`

### WHY THE HELL WOULD YOU BUILD IT THIS WAY?!?!

So, previously, to run unit tests on ExpressionEngine code was cumbersome (at best). We're talking bootstraps, code runners, database instantiation, raw CodeIgniter, the list goes on. And this was PER PROJECT. 

#### It pretty much sucked. 

But, with release of 6.1, we got Command Line tools! Which handles all the rigamarole of setting all the bootstrap and environment up. So, yeah, just a silly little pass through thing here is all that's needed.

## Creating Unit Tests for Add-ons

PHPUnit unit tests will be automatically detected within any `tests` directories stored in your add-on's root directory. For example, `unit_tests/tests` would be automatically picked up. 

You can also configure a specific directory, relative to your add-on directory, within your `addon.setup.php` file, using the `tests` key. 

## Limitations

The biggest problem is that there isn't any [Command Line Options](https://phpunit.readthedocs.io/en/9.5/textui.html#command-line-options) Support for configuration. Too much. Not worth it. Instead, be sure to use a `phpunit.xml` configuration file stored within your Tests root directory.
